welcome to the man of recaps these are
the Best Picture nominees for the Oscars
2019 I've watched them all so you don't
have to and you can still sound smart in
front of your friends first up is Roma
it's a black and white artsy foreign
language film so I know you didn't watch
this one it follows a housekeeper back
in 1970s Mexico and it's pretty light on
plot it's more of a day-in-the-life type
thing so at any given time there is
nothing interesting happening on screen
basically she meets a guy and he
demonstrates his epic naked bow staff
skills this move has never worked for me
but apparently she's into it she gets
pregnant and he's like oh that's cool
baby I'm gonna get some popcorn be right
back and we have to sit through the
whole end of this movie within a movie
while he never comes back
so she said the family she works for
goes to their country house for
Christmas where there's a forest fire
and this guy dressed as Bigfoot sings
for about two minutes not sure what that
symbolizes
eventually the maid goes to her baby
daddy's karate class where ponytail
nacho libre is teaching apparently it's
very difficult to stand on one leg with
your eyes closed but anyway the guy
makes it clear he wants nothing to do
with her or the baby eventually she
gives birth and we get to watch it in
real time so 30 minutes later it turns
out baby's still born and she's sad
again family she works for goes on a
beach vacation and the kids are dumb so
she has to swim out and save them and
then she realizes that even though she
doesn't have her own kids she's part of
this family and I guess finds happiness
and that's how Romo ends for my mini
review let me say that the movie opens
with four minutes of a close-up shot of
someone mopping the floor and these are
some of the more interesting minutes of
the movie I can only assume this
director and all the critics are
trolling us unless it's actually a
brilliant satire of boring artsy foreign
language black-and-white films in which
case maybe it's amazing next up is the
favorite it's basically Mean Girls set
in jolly old England Queen Anne is not
much of a queen so her BFF rachel wise
basically runs the kingdom one day her
cousin emma stone shows up and her
family's lost all their money so she
needs a job and rachel weisz takes her
under her wing but emma soon discovers
that rachel keeps the Queen favored with
some smoochin so she starts courting the
Queen's favor by petting her bunnies and
then patting her body so the two girls
compete to be the Queen's favorite for a
while until eventually Hema Stone
poisons Rachel's tea with her out of the
way Emma Stone is running the kingdom
for a while eventually Rachel makes it
back but emma stone fabricated that she
was stealing or something so she's
kicked out emma wins everything
Queen Anne is very annoying to be around
so it's not all that great for my
mini-review well there's a lot of fun
times there's a lot of boring times too
that would be better if it were about an
hour shorter next up is vice
it's a pseudo documentary style about
Dick Cheney vice president to George W
Bush and it was the White House's worst
kept secret but Dick Cheney was the one
really calling the shots the main thing
about this movie is that he's played by
Christian Bale
yeah that's Batman long story short he
flunks out of Yale for partying too much
but his girlfriend kicks him into shape
so he gets an internship with Congress
where he meets a hustle Scott yeah
that's Steve Carell playing Donald
Rumsfeld rummy takes Cheney under his
wing and long story short they rise the
ranks real quick jenny has a great
decade in Congress being an ultra
conservative douche bag but when the
numbers come in that he's not good
enough to run for president he retires
from politics and becomes CEO of
Halliburton the oil company years later
George W needs a vice president and
Cheney's like I'll do it if you let me
actually run everything George is like
yeah that's perfect for me so Cheney is
not so secretly running the country
behind the scenes and eventually 9/11
happens Cheney and his oil buddies had
already made plans of how to divvy up
Iraq in case they ever got to invade and
this was a great opportunity
so Cheney hand-picked the sketchy
evidence that barely linked the 9/11
attacks to Iraq and undisputably tricked
America into going to war there
accidentally creating Isis in the
process my mini review it was just okay
kind of fun watching if you're
interested in politics and history
Christian Bale playing Dick Cheney
though incredibly impressive next up is
black Klansmen a young black guy becomes
the first black police officer in
Colorado Springs they send him
undercover with his partner Steve
Buscemi and kylo Ren at first they have
him watching the black community making
sure they don't get violent but then he
sees an ad in the newspaper recruiting
for the Ku Klux Klan he decides to do
his best white guy voice and pretend to
join obviously he can't meet them in
person so Adam driver pretends to be him
a meetings while he keeps working him
over the phone and together they find
out a lot of info on him long story
short they discover a bomb plot and are
able to stop it before it hurts anyone
so he saved the day but of course the
Klan survives and to this day in 2018
the same kind of hate is still happening
it's sad my mini review this one was a
great watch a good balance of comedy and
drama with some really important
underlying themes now it's the Green
Book also in the 1970s dealing with race
um Aragorn is a bouncer in New York the
club he works at is closed for
renovations this summer so first he
joins a hot dog eating contest to make
some money but then he gets a driver
slash bodyguard gig for this black
concert pianist who's going on a tour of
the south the green book is the Travel
Guide that tells you what hotels black
people are allowed to stay at at first
they have this Odd Couple thing going on
white versus black but also uh fancy
educated versus you know street smarts
eventually they bond over fried chicken
which everyone can agree is delicious
and they become best friends
The Pianist faces racism both gentle and
violent but Tony lips got his back and
at the final concert when they won't let
him eat at the restaurant where he's
playing Tony convinces him to bail they
go next door to the black bar where he
plays the best concert of his life then
brings him home for Christmas dinner and
they live happily ever after
my mini-review a real solid movie a lot
of fun moments along the way and a
powerful message about embracing
commonalities instead of differences and
of course Viggo Mortensen and Maher
Saleh Alief fantastic actors now it's
black panther the one you've actually
seen King T'Challa is the black panther
a superhero who dresses like a cat he's
king of Wakanda a poor African nation
but secretly it's a super advanced
society because they got vibranium deep
in their ground his dad recently died so
before he's officially King they have
the whole challenge ceremony
long story short Michael B Jordan shows
up he's the long-lost cousin his dad was
the King's brother who was a trader so
he grew up alone in America now he's
back to claim the throne they have an
epic fight and all but he wins throws to
chala off the waterfall and even though
this is a crazy outdated tradition rules
are rules
kill mongers now King his plan is to
liberate black people around the world
which sounds good but he's gonna do it
by conquering the world so not so good
the royal family escaped with Bilbo
Baggins
they find T'Challa Anais and feed him
the Black Panther flower so boom Black
Panthers back he busts in to reclaim his
kingdom and one-on-one fight the hull
stabs him but it's kind of a sad victory
because he really understands kill
mongers motivations so he takes him up
to see the Condon sunset and he decides
that what condo will help black people
around the world but in a peaceful way
my mini review well it's awesome if you
don't love the Marvel movies I mean you
should it seems crazy that a superhero
movie could win best picture but it has
a
of complex themes and deep characters
and is just you know probably the most
entertaining next up it's Bohemian
Rhapsody the story of Freddie Mercury
the lead singer of Queen Freddie was
blessed with an incredible voice and
maybe even more importantly an
incredible stage presence eventually
Littlefinger comes and signs them and
boom Queen is a big hit they eventually
record Bohemian Rhapsody which
everyone's skeptical about because it's
a six minute crazy rock opera but of
course it becomes a classic and is
incredibly popular Freddie proposes to
his girlfriend wait a minute is it
Freddie Mercury a queen famously gay
yeah he eventually figures that out so
he and his wife agree to be just friends
and he goes full-on gay rock star party
mode his new manager slash boyfriend
manipulates him into quitting the band
and he starts partying way too hard yes
eventually gets the AIDS so he fires
that guy apologizes to his band and
Queen reunites for an awesome save
Africa concert and the way the movie
portrays it Queen played so good they
basically saved Africa my mini-review
Bohemian Rhapsody is very mediocre it
wants to be an awesome rock and roll
epic like almost famous but it just
doesn't quite have the heart and as a
straight biopic its kind of boring I
think it would have been a lot better as
a rock and roll fantasy like the new
Elton John movie coming out and finally
it's your mom's favorite a star is born
director Bradley Cooper is a rock star
after a show one day he stops by a
random local bar for a drink because he
is an alcoholic and turns out Lady gaga
is singing the open mic night he's
instantly smitten and they have an
incredible impromptu first date where
she sings an original song she wrote
that you've heard on the radio about
swimming in the deep end he brings her
to his next concert and has her come out
on stage and sing her song and she kills
it she joins him on tour and they fall
in love he proposes with the little
guitar string it's super romantic she
blows up with her own singing career and
soon as just as biggest stars him
she wins the Grammy for Best New Artist
but Bradley still has a drinking problem
and that night he is pissed drunk
literally pieces pants onstage but she
loves him and stands by him so he goes
to rehab and soon they're reunited she
wants them to tour together but her
managers like no way so she cancels her
tour to be with the one she loves but he
realizes he's holding her down now and
he's a real tortured artist type anyway
so he decides to kill himself no out of
nowhere this happy singing movie is
making me cry all over the place and
Gaga ends the movie with a super sad
emotional tribute song my meaning
it's great Gaga had Bradley Cooper bring
a ton of emotion to their characters and
it's a real nice love story with some
great singing and it'll make you cry at
the end there you have it the Best
Picture nominees for the 2019 Oscars I
know you guys are having a hard time
finding a host this year it's short
notice but I'm available I've got the
tux ready to go
[Music]